# WestUtilities
The utility base for the rest of my repositories. Without this set of utilities, none of the rest of my code can run

## Description
WestUtils or WestUtilities is a library filled with different utilities I have made over the years. Most of which are my own work (There are a few book copies or otherwise not exactly my own work, but the majority of classes are mine).

Within the Utility there are four packages, each with a different use:
 - aiUtilities houses a vast collection of failed attempts at creating my own AI. These are part of a project that I have put on hold for the most part and therefore are just here to sit until I can commit time to them again
 - dataStructures houses some data structures. However, since most of these came directly from the book they do not have any degree of quailty control, nor do I believe that they are anywhere as effiecent of an implementation as they could be. However, that said the LinkedList, Queue, Stack, and HashTable, along with anything prefixed "WG" are directly supported.
 - Utilities houses general utilities that makes doing anything in Java a little but easier. Mostly these are ease classes, rather than having any connection to each other. For instance, FileProcessor is a singular class that helps read .ini formated files (anything following that key = value structure with [headers]), but also has static method for converting Strings into specific data, without giving out an exception upon failure. This is once again an ease of use for those who would like to check data integrity after first getting all of the data without getting execptions along the way. But FileProcessor has nothing to do for instance with Logger, which is a class that creates a logger to help with error management.
 - WestGraphics and the inner package WGAnimation is the hallmark package of WestUtils and is the most maintained, and also the buggiest of the packages. This is a package defining an entire custom UI system that works directly with custom painting methods. Effectively this is a "paint on" type UI, not the kind that Java AWT nor Swing uses. Currently because of the switch to JavaFX this system is being completely ported to JavaFX and will have no backwards compatability with the AWT/Swing. However, it may be possible that in the future when the UI system is more well rounded that a Swing version could come out. The inner package WGAnimation is filled with animation helpers, and are mostly to reduce the amount of copy-paste classes that are used in game applications.

Because Nightmare Game is my current project all of the WestUtils base is being directed at the needs of Nightmare Game. However, there will be a point in time where this utility base will be for public support (whenever WestUtils hits 1.0, which should be in roughly 3-years, but since there are no guarentees here, it could be a while before WestUtils will be for public use). That said, there are working versions (releases) of WestUtils ready for use, however the only issue with the versions is that they are the end of their support branch (0.1 and 0.2 no longer recieve support, but are completely incompatable with each other. There is no backwards compatability). 
